I know my hands are rough I'm going to
moisturize them I told you so stop
obviously we're having some problems
because my hands are rough right now and
the cat doesn't like it cuz he is Prince
and I am his popper something like that
I didn't really read that book oh well
maybe you should go to work during the
day and I should sleep on the couch I
feel so are you trying to punish me why
you see my hands from Rob I wish your am
and how do you like that so today we're
going to learn how to moisturize your
hands at home with a very cool spot
treatment that you can do by yourself
and you're going to get excited about it
and so will your cat and he'll stop
complaining for this deep and
moisturizing treatment i'll be using a
habas body mineral lotion which is
pretty much my favorite because it just
is very thick and late so i'll be taking
a pair of plastic gloves that i bought
at the 99-cent store i'll start scoring
two three four five pumps in there i'm
just going to put this on and squish it
around like this do the same or weird
this is great because using the gloves
you get a deep moisturizing treatment it
keeps it on your hands keeps your hands
in the in the yeah you can also go about
your daily business like you know pet in
the cat oh yes i'm doing a deep
moisturizing treatment while petting my
kitty other stuff with your cat i'm
going to have soft hands for you my
smile was now noble don't mind over and
then so now about 30 minutes have passed
with my glove treatment and it
come off to reminds me something a
little bit anyway I'm going to throw
this out now that I've watched the exes
hand cream off I'm going to do one less
little squirt of hand cream where is
that thing definitely do my hand deep
moisturizing mask using Ahava and your
hands will not only feel better but
they'll smell better all that sounds
really good and they'll be so soft maybe
your cat we want to again thank you it's
not a promise but I'm just saying we
give we give my hava deep moisturizing
mask one pot up because the cat didn't
finish the freakin review with me